cgroup: downgrade the socket LB tracing setup failure log to Info (#35775)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/kubernetes/kubeproxy-free.rst

    Jan 13 13:47:20.932: default/mediabot:38750 (ID:5618) <> default/nginx (ID:35772) pre-xlate-rev TRACED (TCP)

Socket LB tracing with Hubble requires cilium agent to detect pod cgroup paths.
If you see a message in cilium agent ``Failed to setup socket load-balancing tracing with Hubble.``,
you can trace packets using ``cilium-dbg monitor`` instead.

.. note::

>     In case of the log, please file a GitHub issue with the cgroup path for any of

Reviewer: Nit: I'd take this chance to improve this sentence, because “In case of the log” is not super precise (or grammatically correct). But that's not blocking.

```suggestion
    If you observe the message about socket load-balancing setup failure in the logs, please file a GitHub issue with the cgroup path for any of
```

Author: Make sense. Thanks!
